Moved and revised the is operator article (#23884)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/type-testing-and-cast.md

where `E` is an expression that returns a value and `T` is the name of a type or a type parameter. `E` cannot be an anonymous method or a lambda expression.

The `is` operator returns `true` when an expression result is non-null and any of the following conditions are true:

> - The runtime type of an expression result is `T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The run-time type of an expression result is `T`.
```

> - The runtime type of an expression result derives from type `T` or implements interface `T` or another [implicit reference conversion](~/_csharplang/spec/conversions.md#implicit-reference-conversions) exists from it to `T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The run-time type of an expression result derives from type `T`, implements interface `T`, or another [implicit reference conversion](~/_csharplang/spec/conversions.md#implicit-reference-conversions) exists from it to `T`.
```

> - The runtime type of an expression result is a [nullable value type](../builtin-types/nullable-value-types.md) with the underlying type `T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The run-time type of an expression result is a [nullable value type](../builtin-types/nullable-value-types.md) with the underlying type `T`.
```

> - A [boxing](../../programming-guide/types/boxing-and-unboxing.md#boxing) or [unboxing](../../programming-guide/types/boxing-and-unboxing.md#unboxing) conversion exists from the runtime type of an expression result to type `T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [boxing](../../programming-guide/types/boxing-and-unboxing.md#boxing) or [unboxing](../../programming-guide/types/boxing-and-unboxing.md#unboxing) conversion exists from the run-time type of an expression result to type `T`.
```

The `is` operator doesn't consider user-defined conversions.

> The following example demonstrates that the `is` operator returns `true` if the runtime type of an expression result derives from a given type, that is, there exists a reference conversion between types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates that the `is` operator returns `true` if the run-time type of an expression result derives from a given type, that is, there exists a reference conversion between types:
```

where `E` is an expression that returns a value and `T` is the name of a type or a type parameter. `E` cannot be an anonymous method or a lambda expression.

The `is` operator returns `true` when an expression result is non-null and any of the following conditions are true:

- The run-time type of an expression result is `T`.

- The run-time type of an expression result derives from type `T`, implements interface `T`, or another [implicit reference conversion](~/_csharplang/spec/conversions.md#implicit-reference-conversions) exists from it to `T`.

> - The run-time type of an expression result is a [nullable value type](../builtin-types/nullable-value-types.md) with the underlying type `T`.

Reviewer 2: The `HasValue` property must be true as well (which I know is covered in the non-null part, but it's worth stating:

```suggestion
- The run-time type of an expression result is a [nullable value type](../builtin-types/nullable-value-types.md) with the underlying type `T` and the <xref:System.Nullable%601.HasValue?displayProperty=nameWithType> is 1true`.
```
